In this lecture we will look at several common areas in each team and how we can fix them.
One common error in each team is using an unsupported tag tag that H L does not define or support.
This can happen for example if we write the wrong name for a tag.
The error in this example is that the paragraph tag is just a p inside of angular brackets not the word
para.
We can fix this by putting the proper tag name inside of the angular brackets for opening and closing
tag.
Another common H-2 him out error is missing quotes for attribute values.
For example if we were to add the id attribute to our paragraphed tag but not enclose the attribute
value in quotes.
To fix this error we just need to put the attribute value in this case.
The word paragraph inside of quotation marks in HVM L.
Another error you may run into is missing a closing tag for an element.
Don't forget some elements like input and break element.
Don't use closing tags.
However the majority of each Chmela element do.
And if we forget a closing tag on an element that needs one that can be problematic.
To illustrate an example of this let's remove the closing tag from the example paragraph element.
We have been using then we will add an opening be tagged to make the text bold but we won't add a closing
B.Tech.
Finally we will make a new paragraph element with contents.
Example text to when we run this code.
You will notice that even though we intended to make the first paragraph element bold both paragraph
elements are bolded.
Since we didn't close our first paragraph tag or our first tag in HVM out when we don't properly close
tags the effect is applied to one element could actually spread to another element unintentionally to
fix this issue.
We need to add a closing B tag followed by a closing tag
another common issue in HVM is improper nesting of HVM element.
For this example let's make the following changes to our code.
We will add an Italic opening tag after the bold tag on our first element and then a closing or italic
tag outside of the closing bold tag.
The problem with this code is that there is improper nesting of the B and I tigs since the opening tags
inside of the opening be tag the closing tag should be inside of the closing the tag.
To fix this let's move the closing tag inside of the closing tag.
The error is that we learned about it in this video.
Or just some of the errors that you will run into in writing.
H t m l code.
However this gives you a good starting point of things to look out for when you are programming in the
next lecture.
We will learn about using an h t m l validator a that we can use to help us debug our h hemol code.